(The man called the king)
(Meeting Dae Ho)
(Fierce master's lashing)
Master, are you a human?
The master is watching.
(Fighting power blazes up.)
(Cycle of infernal work out)
(Let's go catch the tiger.)
(The members broke their legs...)
(while trying to catch up with the fierce master.)
(All they have left is hunger and anger.)
(Will they be able to escape from infernal work out...)
(and have the best dinner in the world?)
Are we done for today?
Let's go have dinner now.
Okay.
(They've been waiting for...)
(meat.)
- Okay. - Let's go have delicious dinner.
- Yes. - Thank you.
Let's go have dinner.
- Great. - This is so heavy.
- Meat? - It's meat. It's dinner.
Do you have lotion?
This one. You just use this.
- It contains everything. - Is it a toner and lotion?
- Yes. All in one. - I like those ones.
- I know. One second. - Me too.
- This cover everything? - Yes.
(Even if you're hungry, don't eat it.)
- It smells nice. - I know.
- It's good. - It's...
We're going to have meat for dinner.
- I think he's very thorough. - I know.
He eats on time.
- It's going to be so delicious. - I can't wait.
It's going to taste wonderful.
(Since we worked out hard, it's going to taste even better.)
- Okay. - Okay.
We're on the way...
- to eat meat. - Why am I so excited to eat meat?
- I'm so excited. - It's so nice.
(They head towards the master's house talking in twang.)
What's the main dish, Master?
Beef or pork?
My wife just said it's meat.
I'm not sure.
What if there are all kinds of meat?
(It doesn't matter which meat it is.)
I'm going crazy.
(It doesn't matter what kind of meat it is.)
(Their sincere heart towards meat...)
(will not change.)
We climbed the mountain and worked out,
so if we have a meal or meat now,
I feel like all the nutrition will go inside my muscles.
(Muscular)
- It'll go inside my muscles. - It's best to eat meat now.
We have to eat it as soon as we can.
I'll probably eat a lot.
(Easy.)
I should call her.
- Hold on. - Is it your wife?
What does it say?
- "Everything in my life". - "Everything in my life".
Is it heart everything in my life. heart?
(What kind of person is the master's wife?)
- Really? Yes. - Honey.
- She's really beautiful. - I know.
We're on our way, Honey.
- Hello. - Hello.
Hello.
(Master's family. Everything in my life.)
Look at how big Hyo Rin is now.
Yes, Uncle. Hyo Rin's grown up a lot.
Look at Hyo Rin.
(Daughter's daddy can't stop smiling.)
She has grown up so much.
Put me down.
- Hi. - Hi.
- Hello. I'm Yuk Seong Jae. - It's funny already.
- She's smiling already. - She's smiling already.
- Hello. - Yes.
We've worked out so much that we're very hungry.
I'll make something delicious.
Yes.
(It's a party tonight.)
- Thank you. - Yes.
Come on.
I'm looking forward to it. All I can think of is a meal.
Me too.
Just the thought of it makes me happy.
I have a question, Master.
(Single man Seung Gi is curious all of a sudden.)
What's the advantage of getting married?
I used to live alone.
It's best when I don't have to go dark home.
Especially in winter.
When I go home all exhausted,
my wife greets me with food ready.
My children run to greet me...
in the warm house.
It gives me the driving force to live diligently.
(My driving force...)
(that makes me run harder)
(Our driving force is meat.)
(While she roasts meet,)
(sister watches her brother.)
(Peeping)
(Uncles. Are you inside here?)
(Dad and hungry uncles arrive.)
- We're here. - We're here.
- Hey, the smell. - The smell of meat.
I can smell it even though the door's closed.
- It's beef. - It's a torture.
(Noisy)
(It's Dad.)
It's the baby.
- Hello. - Hello.
- Hello. - Hi.
- Hey. - Hello.
He's cute.
- You've done a good job today. - No.
(Lee Ye Seung)
- Hi, Hyo Rin. - Excuse me.
- You must be Hyo Rin. - Say hello.
(Lee Hyo Rin)
(Father and daughter look alike.)
(And everything in his life)
(Shin Hye Jung)
(There's no fierce master.)
(He has a generous smile of a dad.)
Let's take a look around the house first before we eat.
It's nice.
- I'll show you the master bedroom. - Yes.
Can I take a look around the house?
Is it okay to look at the bedroom? We should ask your wife.
- It's fine. - Is it?
We'll look at it slightly.
It's old.
(They check Master's bedroom under his wife's permission.)
I mean...
- Dad. - Let's take a look together.
- Let's show the guests our house. - It's nice.
- Ask him for a hug. - He's cute.
Ye Seung. Ask him for a hug.
- Is his name Ye Seung? - Yes.
- Ask him for a hug. - Ye Seung.
(Give me a hug, Uncle.)
(They carry one in their arms and tour the house.)
- This is incredible. - These are gold medals.
Gold medal from the Olympics.
- This is the gold medal. - 2008.
WBC silver medal.
This is the bronze medal from my very first team.
- You have all medals. - You have all medals.
I do.
- This frame is really wonderful. - You'll sleep in this room tonight.
You're going to sleep in this room tonight.
I don't reveal this room often.
(When you follow the shining trace of the master,)
(you reach the closed secret room.)
Can we sleep in this room for real?
- We're going to sleep in here? - This is incredible.
- You're going to sleep here. - Can we do this?
- This is the only room we have. - Can we sleep here?
- My goodness. - Awesome. This is awesome.
(Here is...)
(the master's treasure warehouse.)
(The gold, silver, bronze medals were only just the beginning.)
(Collected for 18 years)
(Lee Dae Ho's baseball career)
(My goodness.)
(The place for today is very luxurious.)
I feel so happy just to be here.
Although I'm not a baseball player...
In this case, there are some displayed here.
My goodness.
(Because of the luxurious interior, he's full of adrenaline.)
Hold on. This is unbelievable.
Because of people like him,
I installed a surveillance camera in this room.
I can see that one.
(I'm watching you.)
- What I treasure most are all here. - Really?
This is wonderful.
Among these,
I can see the wedding declaration and written oath of marriage.
- He's definitely romantic. - Hyo Rin, Ye Seung, go outside.
The meaning of it preserving here is...
- that it's a treasure. - Of course, it's a family treasure.
(Dae Ho's treasure number 1, that made this family)
Master, do those balls all have meanings?
These have...
- my wife's name on. - I see.
(On the autographed balls, there are his wife's names.)
(The home-run of my life)
(Gifts for the wife)
(I'm your 4th batter.)
For all baseball fans and all prospective baseball players,
it might be their dream to come into this room.
They might want to have a room like this.
If you sleep here,
- you'll all be fortunate in 2018. - You're right.
We'll get good fortune from this room.
(Since we received good fortune here,)
(we'd like to receive some food to fill our stomach.)
Hyo Rin, are we ready to eat?
- No. - Not yet?
(I see...)
- Take some rest. - Can we stay here?
- When the food is ready... - Yes.
Have a seat to take a rest.
I don't think I can lie down here.
- Se Hyeong. - Yes.
There's a camera here.
- I should stay like this. - I'll be watching you all the time.
I'll keep myself like this. I mean it.
Be careful.
(On the face of the master, who is heading to the living room,)
(it's full of smile.)
(Finally, those two can greet each other properly.)
You cooked a lot.
You cooked so much.
Is it done?
(They talk about how they spent the day.)
I only have it while working out.
I sweat a lot. It was too hot.
(Master Daeho becomes a cute bear in front of his wife.)
(The members are done with looking around the room.)
I should take some rest.
(Hiking in the morning)
(Harsh training in the afternoon)
(He becomes exhausted.)
(At that time, a baby is...)
(toward Seung Gi.)
- Get up. - Shouldn't we find it together?
- Shouldn't we find it together? - Really?
I found one.
Ye Seung...
You should cure him.
(Seung Gi, are you hurt?)
(Curing)
(Curing badly)
(For Seung Gi, who passed out,)
(he's doing CPR wildly.)
(Don't get passed out.)
I'm sorry. Sorry. Are you really two years old?
Are you sure?
Abs.
Stress the abdominal.
(All right. I'll give up my nap to play with them.)
I found it.
I found the treasure that our master mentioned.
- What's this? - Yes?
- What's this? - It's a camera.
(Hyo Rin is curious about everything.)
You're on the camera. It's shooting you.
Do it like this.
Come closer.
I'm going to speak.
The treasure that our master mentioned...
Hold on. Don't.
- You should do it this way. - Good job.
Like this. Make the camera shoot only my face.
I found the profound meaning that our master tried to convey.
(He's trying to shoot himself once again.)
(Failed)
(What Se Hyeong wanted to say...)
(couldn't be heard forever.)
(Opening of Seung Gi Land for Ye Seung)
(Seung Gi plays with him while he's still hungry.)
(Giggling)
(In Seung Gi Land, Ye Seung becomes so much happy.)
One more time?
(Seung Gi is doing well as the children's favorite guy.)
What is this?
(Something is wrong...)
(with his face.)
- Why is he crying in all of sudden? - What's going on?
(From time to time, trial comes...)
(from just nowhere.)
What's going on?
(Oh no...)
Are you done?
(At that moment, dinner is ready to be served.)
(Their mom is coming to call the members.)
- Let's have dinner. - Yes.
- Now? - He made Ye Seung cry.
(He made Ye Seung cry.)
Seung Gi really made him cry.
- In all of a sudden... - What is it?
Just before...
(It's unfair. I've been playing with you all along.)
He's been crying all along.
That's not true.
I've been playing with him all along.
- Se Hyeong, is that you again? - No, it wasn't me.
It was him.
No, I didn't do anything.
- He treated him harshly. - Let's just eat. We're hungry.
Let's have dinner.
Seung Gi, why did you do that?
Call the uncles.
(It's time to comfort me who's been working so hard.)
(The 1st proper meal to eat after 12 hours)
- It's awesome. - My goodness.
What's this?
(Impressed)
- They look really amazing. - Right.
It's like something you can have only in the restaurant.
(Are we having a course meal?)
(And is it an appetizer?)
This is all you eat for dinner.
(What?)
You all know I'm on diet.
(I wanted to escape from that word.)
- Ye Seung. - So, it's not an appetizer.
Is it all we eat?
This is all.
(During the winter training season,)
(the master persists eating only this menu.)
I said not to fix any more food.
(No way.)
(It can't be true.)
(There must be some food left in the kitchen.)
(Nothing)
- What about meat? - We have some meat here.
(We have some meat here in the green.)
(All I can do is...)
(smiling.)
- I mean... - I don't usually eat such things.
She brought this not to make you starve.
This is awesome.
(Today...)
(I endured that harsh training...)
(because of hope that the dinner would be hearty.)
While I'm on a diet,
I don't eat after 6 o'clock.
I thought this was just... an appetizer.
So did I.
- We thought there would be... - Help yourself.
- I'm sorry, but help yourself. - Thank you for the food.
(I'm sorry, but help yourself.)
(Thank you for the food.)
Are you sure that he's really eating like this?
Yes. Actually, he eats less.
- Really? - That wouldn't work.
For about two days, I want to eat something.
After 2 days, I feel okay on the 3rd day.
I get used to hunger.
Do you really get used to it? On the third day?
I do.
- This is what I must do. - I see.
I tolerate hunger during this season.
Let's have dinner.
- Yes. Thank you. - Thank you.
- Help yourself. - Thank you for the food.
(The meaning that he never meets people for dinner in December...)
(was this.)
Hyo Rin, there's no food for me to eat either.
Just eat. What do you want to eat?
The red one?
That's for Seong Jae.
This meat must weigh...
around 60g.
Is there more meat underneath the salad?
Not at all.
- There's no more meat. - Of course not.
This looks delicious though.
Can I eat more vegetables?
The sweet potato is so tasty.
(Eating everything preciously)
(I want to feel the entirety of this taste.)
(Licking)
(He even eats the green fallen on the table.)
This one...
is so tasty.
(Seong Jae is eating the salad as if he's eating ramyeon.)
(He's never seen such a thing before for 25 months of his life.)
(With a few uses of chopsticks,)
(the salad is already getting done.)
(He eats very well.)
(Sang Yun also cleared up the food.)
Did you make it only with omija and olive oil?
- And shiitake too. - Sang Yun...
He just drank up the food.
He drank it up.
I think mine was lesser than the others.
(Everyone is still eating.)
(Seong Jae is moving his fingers all alone.)
(He already ate up even the nuts.)
Honey, do we have almond and some other nuts?
(H's excited.)
- Give him some nuts. - Are nuts okay?
I feel too bad for Seong Jae.
(The master approves Seong Jae's big appetite.)
When you come next time, I will cook something delicious.
- It's okay. - That's all right.
- This is enough. - It's all right.
- We have to... - It's...
copy the master's lifestyle.
(At that moment,)
(Ye Seung gets a refill.)
(Oh,)
(that's where all the protein is going.)
(I'm jealous.)
- He's... - Eat more meat, Ye Seung.
(Is it good, Ye Seung?)
(Come on, Sang Yun.)
It looks very delicious.
(The hunger makes him malfunction.)
(They feel like all the moisture in their mouth...)
(has been dried out.)
Ye Seung, is it good?
Are you going to eat all the strawberries?
Get it with your fork and give him one.
(Please give me one for playing with you.)
Give him one.
(He gives Seung Gi a strawberry.)
(It saves Seung Gi.)
(He's analyzing how to get a strawberry.)
Give me one too.
(He sticks out his head and opens his mouth.)
Thank you.
(They are desperate for a strawberry.)
- Are you going to give me one? - It's amazing, isn't it?
(Se Hyeong follows Sang Yun's formula.)
Give him one too.
(Ye Seung is a generous man.)
You should answer.
You eat well. Is it good?
Ye Seung?
(Because of the intense training,)
(their hunger is not satisfied.)
Ma'am, by the way...
(What is it?)
That leftover meat is going to the bin anyway.
Let's bet two pieces...
Let us fight for the two pieces.
Give it to the person you like the most.
- A game? - Just two pieces.
(The eyes of the hungry men...)
(are starting to sparkle again.)
(Sounds good.)
(Seong Jae is desperate for food.)
(He starts singing.)
(While missing the meat, a day passed.)
(It's a serenade for the meat.)
(Isn't it lovely?)
(He's really desperate, isn't he?)
(He's annoyed because he's too good.)
Missing you
(He sings as if he's having a concert.)
How can you sing so seriously at the dinner table?
(She's enchanted by him.)
I want to give it to him.
(Let's be friends)
(He creates noise.)
(That's not it.)
(He gives up.)
- He sang so sincerely. - He was amazing.
I was so desperate to eat meat.
(He sold his soul for two pieces of meat.)
(I am the sincere one though.)
I will act a line from a drama.
Everyone's showing his specialty.
(They're betting everything for two pieces of meat.)
Can you ask me where I am now?
- Where are you now? - Wait.
- You should put your heart into it. - Put your heart into it.
- My gosh. - Is she shy?
I think she's won over by Seong Jae.
Let's try it.
Ready. Action.
Where are you now?
I am on the way to the airport.
(He's determined too.)
You know that we're almost there, right?
(Her heart races.)
Sang Yun, her husband is right there looking at you.
- Right. - How can you flirt?
His fist nearly launched.
- Anyway... - You almost...
got beaten up.
You're the one giving the meat. So you decide.
(She's pleasantly perplexed.)
I bet my life on meat.
(What is this now?)
(He even closes his eyes...)
(and sings with 200 percent of his emotions.)
(Seung Gi...)
(He immerses into the song.)
(He's desperate, isn't he?)
(He sings with all his heart...)
(for two pieces of meat.)
(He might sing a whole song if nobody stops him.)
(The master's wife is satisfied.)
Seung Gi. I am nearly crying.
It got me emotional.
- I sang with my heart. - What's wrong with them?
Do they have to do this for two pieces of meat?
Just choose one person.
(I won't be able to eat.)
I really sang with my heart.
- You did. - I was really desperate for meat.
You must've practiced singing a lot while serving the army.
I expressed my desperation for two pieces of meat.
You were really desperate.
Since they all tried hard,
let's give the winner 3 pieces and the runner-up 1 piece.
(The winner gets 3 pieces, and the runner-up gets 1 piece.)
- That's not bad at all. - How about the bottom one?
The runner-up gets one piece.
The bottom one doesn't get anything.
Is there nothing for the bottom one?
The winner gets 3 pieces, and the runner up gets 1 piece.
- Should we close our eyes? - Close your eyes.
This is unbelievable.
If I open my eyes and see meat, I will be so happy.
Only the winner will get three pieces of meat.
Here we go.
(It's the moment of truth.)
(They gave everything...)
(for this moment.)
(She announces the runner-up first.)
(Who did she choose?)
(It's Seong Jae.)
(Seong Jae is the runner-up.)
I am so happy.
(He's thrilled.)
Thank you.
(I am so jealous.)
I will announce the winner.
This is the happiness a piece of meat gives.
- The winner gets three pieces. - The winner...
- gets three pieces. - It might be too far for her.
The winner gets three pieces.
You should put yours here.
(She chooses the big pieces.)
- Se Hyeong, Sang Yun, Seung Gi. - The saucy one is Se Hyeong's.
- All right. - I should've sung too.
We will close your eyes.
Who would it be?
(They are so desperate...)
(for 3 pieces of meat.)
I want it so badly.
(Master's Wife gives the meats to the 1st place winner she likes the most. )
(They are so desperate to be the winner!!)
(Screaming)
(What happened?)
(Sang Yun wins.)
Yes!
(The 3 pieces of meat went to Sang Yun.)
- Seung Gi. - It's...
It's hard to win someone's heart with just a song.
Seung Gi failed to win her heart.
You thought hard until the end, right?
I didn't know that she was Sang Yun's fan.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you for the meat.
It's really delicious.
It's amazing.
(Seung Gi stares at the meat.)
My gosh.
(He defends his meat perfectly.)
Did you see it?
- He's so fast. - He guarded his meat.
I will give you this.
(Se Hyeong shares a peanut.)
By this time, I should head out...
and exercise again.
That's a lie.
(Exercise again?)
If you beat me, I will treat you barbecue.
(Barbecue?)
I promise you. You can eat as much as you want.
- As much as we want? - Yes.
There's a good barbecue restaurant. I will take you there.
How would we beat you?
- What is it? - As long as it's not a fight.
If we do this,
I won't cut you any slack.
- I will do everything to win. - I won't cut you slack either.
You need to be fair when you play sports.
We have to win.
(His eyes change.)
(Escape 1.)
(Playing alone time)
(They ran in the mountain even before they met him.)
(Lunch)
(They had an apple for lunch.)
(They fought against Chul Soo.)
(They experienced the intense training of a national athlete.)
(Dinner)
(They had salad with 2 pieces of meat.)
(The last exercise...)
(will end this infernal chain.)
This is the moment.
Let's go.
- Let's eat meat. - Let's go.
We have to win.
We have to eat something. I am starved.
Let's win. We can win.
We can win with the will to eat.
Of course.
(He laughs at them.)
Is the stadium outdoors?
- We are going quite far. - We will do it over there.
Over there?
- What's that? - What's that?
(What awaits them is...)
It's a dodge ball court.
I haven't played a dodge ball in such a long time.
(Anyway, who are these people...)
(warming up for the game?)
Chul Soo!
- What? - Is he Chul Soo?
(They're sick of the name Chul Soo.)
You're here.
Is he here again?
(It was the worst thing...)
(they ever experienced.)
(It's called Chul Soo.)
- Let's stop this. - Where are you going?
- Come on. - The bicycle...
Chul Soo is an athlete.
- Hello. - He's also...
a personal trainer at the gym I go to in Busan.
- Why is everyone an athlete? - He only brought athletes.
He's a trainer. Is he a dodgeball player?
He's got a lot more muscles.
He's not an athlete. He's a trainer too.
It's obvious that he's an athlete.
- He's an athlete. - He is.
- I have never played a dodgeball. - See? He can't play it.
- Okay. - You said you were confident.
And you're already complaining?
We are confident.
All right. Fine.
Even if you lose, you can't frown.
You shouldn't cry when you lose.
(What?)
I'll tell you a story. I once played dodgeball in middle school.
(And?)
I hit one of my friends, and the ball bursted.
Just remember that.
Is it possible for this ball to burst?
I didn't know it could burst.
- The ball bursted? - I just...
hit my friend, and it bursted.
But you're stronger now.
I am not good at it now.
But you grab the ball with one hand.
Isn't it how you're supposed to grab it?
Nobody has bursted a dodge ball...
since Dan Titan's father did it on "Dodge Danpei".
I've never heard about anyone else doing it.
- The flame shoot. - And he shot it to the wall.
(We tried to imagine what it was like.)
(This is what would've happened to Dae Ho's friend.)
We need to figure out how to stop him from hitting us.
We have to defend well.
Just...
catch the ball.
The ball he throws? The ball bursted last time.
It bursted last time.
It will be a shame if it bursts.
I will practice throwing.
(He practices throwing the ball.)
No way.
(Is that our future?)
- No way. - Let's not catch it.
We can't catch it.
(Despite the continuous threat,)
If we see him coming at us with full force,
we will know what to do.
I think his ball points downwards.
Even if we understand his ball, we can't catch it.
Let's fight him by moving a lot.
- Let's move a lot. - He's right.
Should we begin?
If you beat us today, I'll treat you barbecue.
- You will treat us. - I will treat you tonight.
Okay. Let's eat meat.
- Go, All the Meats! - Go, All the Meats!
(They are obsessed with meat.)
Let's do this.
(We will show you what hunger can do.)
- Let's do this. - Come on!
- Let's go! - Let's go!
- Let's start. - Where do we go?
- Wherever. - All right.
Let's do a jump.
I will throw it to the middle. Ready.
And go.
Nice.
(Sang Yun jumped well.)
Okay. Okay.
(Chul Soo is flustered.)
They will attack first.
Look at him.
(Should I throw or not?)
He's going there.
(He's got fancy footsteps.)
You can't go over the line.
(He confuses the other players...)
(and passes the ball to his teammate.)
Just don't hit my face.
(I tricked you.)
Why is he coming to my side?
(He spots Chul Soo.)
Don't do this to me.
(You gave us such a hard time.)
We have enough time.
Okay.
Nice job!
- I did it. - All right!
Chul Soo, out!
- Isn't the ball mine? - That's not how it works.
I think the ball is mine.
- They did it. - We got Chul Soo.
- Chul Soo, out! - You can stay there.
We're fine as long as we don't go out of the line.
- I wanted to get two. - He's too tall.
Was it intentional?
(The current score is 3 to 2.)
(Seung Gi is filled with confidence.)
- We have a chance. - Where is his hand?
It must be hard for you.
(He runs.)
That's it. That's good.
(The downside of moving around a lot is that you get tired too.)
They're good.
- Here. - That's it. Pass it quickly.
Let's make them tired. Make them tired.
- I think you're going to get tired. - It takes so long.
Wait. It's coming.
Don't make me nervous.
I shouldn't get nervous.
What are you doing?
What was that? He must be tired.
- Okay. - Play carefully.
- What's going on? - Stop.
They're moving around too much.
(He caught the ball.)
He's good! Gosh!
(Everyone panics.)
Seong Jae, you can't go over the line.
I am so scared.
[VIU Ver] E05 Master in the House / All the Butlers
"Dinner with Master Dae Ho"
-= Ruo Xi =-
(The master caught the ball.)
I once hit my friend, and the ball bursted.
(They're scared.)
(They are terrified.)
I am so scared.
(The ball passes by them.)
- Seung Gi got it. - Nice.
You cross the line.
- Here. - That's it. Make a short pass.
They are trying to make us tired.
- No! - Yes!
(Seung Gi hits another one.)
- Seung Gi is good. - Out.
- Out. - Seung Gi is good.
We are winning right now.
- We have to do better. - Take it slow.
Just think that you're grabbing the ball.
(No way.)
Catch it.
(Sang Yun got hit,)
Okay!
(but Seong Jae saved him.)
Catch it.
He caught it. He caught it.
- You caught it. - Yes!
- Take it slowly. - Get closer.
Yes! Yes!
- No! No! - Meat! Meat! Meat!
- Meat! Meat! Meat! Meat! - Meat! Meat! Meat! Meat!
(Their obsession with meat is scary.)
What is this?
All right.
- Go, All the Butlers! - Go!
- Let's eat meat. - Here. Slow down.
(Now...)
(only one enemy remains.)
(They are determined to take him down...)
(and eat barbecue.)
(Since it's an important moment,)
(they play more carefully.)
- All right. - Watch your back.
- Watch your back. - That's it.
- No. - Yes!
(Seung Gi...)
(ends the game with his last shoot.)
Barbecue!
(The special forces soldier didn't disappoint us.)
Yes! Yes!
That was amazing.
(Seung Gi hit 1 man.)
(Seung Gi hit 2 men.)
(Seung Gi hit 3 men.)
(Seung Gi made the barbecue party come true.)
- Meat! Meat! Meat! - Meat! Meat! Meat!
We lost to your passion for meat.
- Meat! Meat! - Meat! Meat!
- You played well. - Perfect.
- It was perfect. - We did it.
- It was perfect. - Nice job.
Let's do the last ceremony.
This is...
- All the Meats. - All the Meats.
- We did it. - We did it.
How can they be so desperate for meat?
- Wasn't it too easy? - We lost...
to their passion for meat.
- I will treat you. - We did it.
- It was a good game. - We are...
quite athletic.
- We were desperate. - The desperation did it.
Our desperation made us win.
- Good job, Seong Jae. - You did well.
- We did well. - Smile a little.
- We did well. - We won.
Smile a little.
(He forces himself.)
If you frown, we can't enjoy the victory.
- It was a fair game. - Should we head there?
- Let's go. - Let's go.
Meat. Meat. Meat.
- This is the place. - This is it.
- This is a famous place. - Let's go in.
It looks delicious.
This is where baseball players always come and eat.
- Really? - There are a lot of autographs.
Let's go inside.
- Hello. - There are a lot of autographs.
Hello.
- This is how it looks inside. - They're all from baseball players.
He got autographs from everyone.
(The baseball players' autographs covered the wall.)
(Lee Dae Ho)
(He always came here whenever he came back to Korea.)
All the baseball players in Korea came here.
(Ryu Hyun Jin, Lee Seung Yuop, and Park Chan Ho)
(Park Chan Ho)
Look at all of those signed balls.
This is a really nice place.
It's a very charming place.
(We get that it's a charming place.)
I want to eat like crazy.
(They are famished.)
(Let's drink water until the meat is served.)
(Now...)
Please start grilling the meat.
You can pack the grill.
We can grill it here and move it to their grill.
(Finally, we get to eat meat.)
(They start with beautiful beef brisket.)
(It's meat.)
It looks so delicious.
It's for free.
It takes a long time to grill beef tripe.
Beef brisket cooks fast.
He serves it as an appetizer.
It's thinly sliced.
You don't have to cook it completely, right?
- Isn't it okay to eat it raw? - No.
- That's to raw. - Wait a little bit.
(Let me eat. I'm dizzy.)
Seong Jae is really starved. Give him some dongchimi.
He can have it while he waits.
- Dongchimi. - Try it.
- I really love dongchimi. - Try it.
(Eating dongchimi is the best way to quench your thirst.)
This is what this restaurant should be famous for.
(Everything tastes like a Michelin star restaurant food.)
This dongchimi is amazing.
It looks so delicious.
(Finally, the beef brisket is cooked golden brown.)
It's cooked now.
I will add some chilies.
Thank you for the food.
She made the dongchimi herself.
(This is it.)
It's amazing.
(He's happy.)
The sauce...
The sauce seems very special.
When you eat it...
(Everyone is busy eating.)
The sauce helps the juice from the beef brisket...
to spread in your mouth.
(I am talking,)
(but nobody is listening.)
(Let's just eat.)
(Everyone is eating so well.)
This is unbelievable.
By the way, it looks...
unbelievably delicious.
It's amazing.
(They start eating the grilled beef tripe.)
It's really delicious.
(Se Hyeong makes a lettuce wrap.)
I need to come here again.
(And Seung Gi makes a wrap too.)
When you come here on a rainy day,
you will have to crawl out.
Do you have a really big lettuce leaf?
I have it.
I love lettuce.
Please give me one more bowl of sauce.
(What is he doing?)
I can eat one meal with just one wrap.
I am going to divide up the space in my mouth and chew it.
I really love beef tripe.
I will add pickled Alpine leek.
(He can't stop watching him.)
I will add green onion kimchi.
I will dip each piece of beef tripe in a different sauce.
Do we have a cooked one we can give to him?
This is cooked. This is the beef tripe.
What are you putting next?
- Beef tripe. - Beef tripe is next.
You should put beef brisket on top.
Right.
One.
- 2. - He put 3 pieces of tripe...
3 pieces of intestine.
He put 3 pieces of tripe and 3 pieces of intestine.
Can you manage putting everything in your mouth?
His mouth is quite big.
- Just open your mouth big. - How about the beef brisket?
You have to add the beef brisket too.
One piece of beef brisket.
He's adding everything.
It's beef brisket wrap.
- Isn't it hot? - Look at the steam.
- Won't your mouth be burned? - He will burn his mouth.
That's unbelievable.
Can you really put everything in your mouth?
Move your fingers. It's actually huge.
It's very big.
Shouldn't you protect your image as an idol?
I will...
(It's okay.)
- Is there anything else to add? - Why would you squeeze that?
Here we go.
(When Seong Jae's mouth opens,)
(everyone's mouth opens.)
Here we go.
(The juice is dripping.)
Everything went in.
(He ate everything.)
(I can't believe he ate that.)
(Even the owner is impressed.)
He's amazing.
I think I will be chewing this until we get home.
This is... My goodness.
Look at this.
(The juice is spreading in my veins.)
Don't cry.
You can't be more touched than when you heard In Kwon's song.
(Even if the world ends tomorrow, I will make a beef tripe wrap.)
- It's so delicious. - Are you happy?
It's so delicious.
(This is why people call Seong Jae "Handsome Psycho".)
It's delicious.
It doesn't have the unpleasant odor.
(While everyone is enjoying it,)
(the master is...)
(not eating at all.)
(He's being patient.)
(It looks delicious.)
(He swallows his saliva.)
The tripe is burning.
(Seeing the meat cooking right before his eyes is torturing.)
I want to eat it too.
Isn't it okay if you bend the rule for one day?
I've decided to lose weight in two months.
So I will stick to my plan.
I am a professional athlete, so I have to manage myself well.
By eating, I will be losing to myself.
Is that why you won't eat?
If I eat once, I will eat again.
I hate that.
You are very relentless.
I think you need to be relentless if you want to be successful.
- You love eating so much. - I know.
And you gave that up.
That's the hardest thing to do.
(He never makes compromises with himself.)
When we go home, we have to sleep.
I need to choose who's going to sleep beside me.
- I need to choose one. - Is that person...
going to sleep on the floor next to you?
The person who sleeps next to me will get one of my treasures.
Your treasure?
(He's going to give a treasure to his roommate?)
- Really? - I will give you...
one of my treasures in the room.
How precious are those to you?
They are very precious to me.
I cherish them so much.
I shouldn't be giving it to you, but I will give it to you.
It's hard for me to give it up.
The moment I heard this,
I saw this vision. In life,
there are moments like this.
When he spoke about it,
I could see it being in my house.
I feel comfortable now because I think I'll get it.
(I think I will get it.)
You should just ask for it.
I can't do that.
- Just ask for it. - What's the logic?
How can he not give it to you?
Sometimes, fate plays a part.
Does this vegetable make you hallucinate?
There are times when that happens.
(He's immersed in his own world.)
How do we choose one person?
(How should they choose the master's roommate?)
What should we do? Finger flick?
- Do you have to endure it? - How about pulling the sideburns?
- What's that? - You pull the sideburns.
Pulling the sideburns might be better.
Then...
When they are pulled...
- You have to endure the pain. - You have to endure the pain.
Can you win the treasure if you endure the pain?
Yes. You can't make any sound.
- What if we let the master do it? - Yes. Let him do it.
That's not a bad idea.
- Okay. - The master will do it.
(If you want,)
(I will gladly do it.)
(Wouldn't our hair get pulled out...)
(if he pulls?)
Cheers.
Ready.
(In order to win the treasure,)
(they have to put up with the master's tender hand.)
Ready.
- Okay. - Ready.
Go.
- Give me the sign. - Start.
That surprised me.
(The dream of winning a treasure flew off didn't even last a second.)
I think he screamed even before I counted to one.
- Is it that bad? - How many seconds did he last?
He didn't even last one second.
- Not even one second. - This is...
- Let's play among ourselves. - Half of...
Half of my face is in pain.
- Don't scare us. - You experienced it.
- Let's play among ourselves. - This side...
It hurts too much.
(Seong Jae experienced the pain,)
(and Seung Gi is terrified.)
I will be gentle.
- It hurts too much. - You can endure it.
Ready.
- Ready. - Why does it still hurt?
(How many seconds would he be able to last?)
Ready and go.
One.
(As soon as it began,)
(he started to twitch.)
(The master twists his hand.)
1, 2, 3.
- I can't grab his hair. - Four.
- You can't twist it. - Five seconds.
It's more than five seconds.
(He nearly cursed.)
It hurts. It really hurts.
Seong Jae, what does this make you?
You lasted 0.95 second.
Here we go.
(Next is Se Hyeong.)
Start.
(He's the master of enduring pain.)
One.
(He seemed to endure it.)
(But he failed right away.)
His whole face must hurt.
(The thrill spreads throughout his body.)
Your whole face hurts, doesn't it?
I thought my skin was going to peel off.
You know that you were like a girl, don't you?
You did this.
Why does it keep hurting?
(While everyone's laughing, this person is nervous.)
- You can endure it though. - Ready.
- Let's do this. - Let's hurry.
Sang Yun's hair can be twisted.
Ready.
Start.
He's...
He'll totally tolerate the pain.
(I bet he'll tolerate it.)
- He'll totally tolerate the pain. - Ready, go.
- 1, 2, 3... - 1, 2, 3...
- How is he tolerating the pain? - Four...
5, 6.
He tolerated it to the point that his face turned red.
He's so determined.
(He really scares me.)
How can he do that?
It almost looked like he couldn't feel any emotions.
(Sang Yun succeeded too.)
(In order to win the master's treasure,)
(these two guys tolerated the extreme pain.)
Since the two of them succeeded, they should have a showdown.
- Hold hands. - Then...
(Now, it's Sang Yun versus Seung Gi.)
I'll give you an object that I really treasure a lot,
- so try to tolerate it again. - I can really do it.
I think I'm most likely to tolerate it and win.
But I'm... It's mine. I know it because it's meant to be mine.
(It's destined to be mine.)
I told you I could picture it as soon as I heard about it.
You can't beat someone like him.
I could just picture it.
- I'm even more scared of him now. - It's already in my heart.
Can I give up? I'm so scared of him.
- Let's... - Sang Yun.
Your eyes look so scary. They're emotionless now.
Right now, your eyes are devoid of emotions.
You look like you want to rip my ear off.
You have to play it fair and square, okay?
Get ready. Are you guys ready?
(A match between a human and a cyborg)
(Who will be the winner?)
Ready, go!
(The burning desire for the treasure...)
(is making them pinch so hard.)
(Pinching)
(Even the spectators...)
(can feel the pain because of the intensity of the tension.)
(Pinching as hard as he can)
(Neither of them is willing to give up!)
Hold on a second. I pulled his hair out.
(I pulled his hair out!)
I pulled his hair out, and he tolerated the pain.
(It's a lot of hair.)
Hold on a second. I pulled his hair out.
(That's how hard he pinched.)
(I can't believe he tolerated it!)
Look at this.
Gosh, that's...
I actually pulled his hair out. Look at this.
- But I didn't... - That's not fair.
I get that you want to win, but you can't do that.
No, I totally thought that he'd scream...
and that we'd stop, but he kept on tolerating it.
- It didn't hurt at all. - What are you talking about?
I want to give up.
- No, you should... - He scares me so much.
- You have to do it. - I'm scared.
I'm really scared. I mean it.
The skin here is all red.
(Seung Gi's skin turned red too.)
- You're also... - Se Hyeong, I pulled his hair out.
He got seven strands of hair pulled out, but he didn't even budge.
How am I supposed to beat him?
(Why don't I feel anything?)
Even I could hear it, but he tolerated the pain.
(Sang Yun must really be a cyborg.)
- I was so surprised. - It's all white here.
It really didn't hurt though.
- Gosh, you're... - I've finally found it.
- Found what? - What I'm good at.
- You don't feel anything here? - No.
I must be strong here.
"Good" isn't the right word. You scare us.
I'm so scared.
Doesn't he frighten you?
(Taking care of the treasures)
- Let's go. - We enjoyed the food,
- It was very good. - so I'll show you the treasure.
(They're headed to his place.)
I'm getting the treasure.
- The treasure is here. - Yes.
Which one would it be?
Which one of these would it be?
What if he gives you one of his gloves?
I think he will.
That would be amazing.
But he told us earlier...
that he used of those gloves when he was in the national team.
- It might actually be a glove. - The blue one.
(Nice! I'm so excited.)
If I were him, I wouldn't give it to anyone.
Are you going to keep standing there and guess?
- We want to know. - The treasure?
I think...
it could be...
You might give me one of your baseball gloves.
But that wouldn't be so meaningful because I have many gloves.
- Then... - Is it something more meaningful?
Do you think that it's even more valuable...
than your gloves up there?
It's very valuable and meaningful to me.
I say that because...
(What is this treasure of his?)
This treasure became mine...
when I was in the US. In the Seattle Mariners,
there's a very famous pitcher who's known as King Felix.
He treasures this object so much...
that he always carries it in an attache briefcase.
- Seriously? - What is it?
He carries it around in an attache briefcase?
So, do you treasure it as much as he does?
Yes, I do. But...
- I'll give it to Sang Yun. - Can you give it away like that?
I'll give it to him. I'll show it to you guys too.
(Sang Yun is over the moon.)
All right. Move over, please.
(The treasure is hidden somewhere in this room.)
Oh, boy.
(Is it somewhere near the desk?)
- Oh, it was under the desk. - All right. It's inside this thing.
(It's the treasure!)
Gosh, it wasn't here.
(What's inside the briefcase?)
I'll give you what's inside this briefcase.
- What is it? - Sang Yun worked very hard today.
What could it be?
All right.
(We're about to find out what the treasure is.)
Oh, my. Doesn't that sound instantly put you in a good mood?
What would a baseball player carry around in a briefcase?
What is it?
(Sang Yun gets a peek at it.)
(We can't figure out what he's thinking.)
I don't think it's a ball or a glove.
It must be something else. That's probably why...
Sang Yun looks kind of puzzled.
Is it worth losing seven strands of hair?
I think it's worth more than that.
Show us. We're dying to know what it is.
- Really? Shall I show you guys? - Yes, please show us.
(Sang Yun lost 7 strands of hair...)
(to win this object that the master absolutely treasures.)
(Expensive whiskey?)
That's liquor. By any chance, is it...
- This is... - Master's name is written on it.
- It's just liquor, - Right.
but it's for my retirement.
(It's for the day he retires.)
I want to share it with those who are dearest to me...
and whom I appreciate so much on the day that I retire.
That's why I've been collecting this whiskey.
(He'll share it with his dearest.)
I've been collecting it for two years now.
King Felix used to carry 3 or 4 bottles of this...
in a briefcase all the time.
When I saw that, I thought,
"Shall I collect it too?"
(Shall I collect a bottle every year?)
Frankly, I want to drink this now.
Even back then, I really wanted to drink it. But when I got the bottle,
I told myself that I'll drink it on the day that I retire.
I keep telling myself that.
(I'll give it to myself as a gift when I retire.)
I have to wait one more year to collect another bottle of this.
But I'll give it to you because I promised you.
(It's a symbol of patience.)
Thank you.
It could function as an invitation...
- to his retirement party. - That's right.
- Yes, you're right. - It's like an invitation.
I'll invite you.
You should bring it. I'll collect more for you guys too.
I'll treat you guys.
I'll totally be there.
All right. We should go to bed now.
Sang Yun, let's go.
Good night, Sang Yun.
- Good night. - Have a good sleep.
Gosh, we can finally sleep now.
(Their long, hard day with the master is finally over.)
(What kind of intense training would be waiting for them tomorrow?)
All right, sleep tight.
Good night, Sang Yun.
To tell you the truth, spending time with you today...
totally changed my perception of marriage.
I learned how important it is.
Shall I say it can motivate you to keep going like nothing else does?
Having a fan and an ally you can always count on...
makes you incredibly happy.
It was such a long day.
(Everything they did today was so intense.)
(The master's battle continues.)
(Current time, 7am)
It's time to wake up.
We must race against time.
(Come again?)
- Did you have a good sleep, Master? - Yes.
You guys must feel sore all over.
(We have to fight again at this early hour?)
(They fought against the mountain yesterday morning.)
(In the afternoon, they had to fight against Chul Soo.)
(Then at night, they fought against hunger.)
(Now, we have to race against time?)
(Gosh, my entire body aches.)
- Are you all right? - I slept throughout the night.
- You do look well rested. - Yes.
- I conked out right away. - I know. I passed out too.
I didn't even have any dreams.
(Thanks to the master, they slept like a baby.)
(Sang Yun just woke up too.)
(Who are you?)
(He bows to the master's wife.)
Did you have a good sleep?
Wasn't it uncomfortable at all?
No, I slept so well. I slept like a baby.
(We can't even look at him.)
(In TV dramas, he looks handsome even when he wakes up.)
(This is what happens in real life.)
Hyo Rin.
Seong Jae, we have to wake Hyo Rin up. Hyo Rin, time to wake up.
(The first thing the master does every morning is waking Hyo Rin up.)
Did you have a good sleep?
Gosh, Hyo Rin can't wake up.
She's walking, but she's still asleep.
- Hyo Rin, open your eyes. - She's walking.
(She's half asleep.)
Hyo Rin, open your eyes.
- Good morning, Hyo Rin. - Help her get ready.
- Good morning. - The three of you, hurry up.
(Hard labor, racing against time)
(It'll be harder than any training they've received.)
(They have to help Hyo Rin get ready for kindergarten on time.)
(They'll help her wash up,)
(get dressed,)
(and tie her hair.)
(She must get on the bus...)
(at 8:40am.)
(My gosh, are you serious?)
(That's a normal morning for the master as he has two kids.)
How should I help her wash up?
- I've never done this before. - She has to wash her face.
Seong Jae, you should do it since you're young.
(Seung Gi is making Seong Jae do it.)
- What should we do first? - Hurry up, you three.
- Hey. - Wash her face first?
- Hyo Rin. - Yes, help her wash her face.
Shall we wash your face?
(While the bachelors are confused and lost)
(Running away)
- Daddy? - Hyo Rin, where are you going?
- To her dad. - Daddy?
I'm impressed that they woke up without throwing a fit.
You must be tired.
(This fight won't be easy.)
She can't wake up.
(They don't know what to do.)
Ye Seung, you can go back to sleep.
- Come here. - Go to Uncle Seung Gi.
Come here, Ye Seung.
Hyo Rin, you need to wake up.
You have to go to kindergarten.
- Sleep. - Wake up already.
(Why is Seung Gi so good with kids?)
You have sleep in your eyes. The uncles will wash your face for you.
(Will we be able to do it?)
You want Uncle Seung Gi to do it?
Do you want that?
(I have to do something!)
(He's busy looking something up on the internet.)
Hold on a second.
(Seung Gi came up with an idea.)
- She wants to laze around more. - You have to wake up.
- Music will definitely wake her up. - You lied down again.
(Will it really work?)
You have to go to kindergarten.
- Come on! - Ye Seung, get up and dance.
(I love this song.)
- All right. Just lie down. - Show us your dance.
- Just lie down, Hyo Rin. - Lie down.
- My gosh. - I'll wake you up.
- He'll wake you up. - Here we go.
(Uncle Seung Gi's club is open.)
1, 2, 3, 4.
(She's not even moving.)
(Then I'll do acupressure on you to wake you up.)
- Hyo Rin, wake up already. - You should go wash your face.
- Get up already. - Wake up.
That will help you get taller.
Let's go wash your face, Hyo Rin. Come on.
- Let's go. - Just take her.
(He's making her stretch her arms.)
(My, this feels nice.)
Go wash your face.
- Come on. - 1, 2.
Hyo Rin, come on. We don't have time, Hyo Rin.
1, 2, 3. Go.
(40 minutes before she has to leave)
Hyo Rin, let's go wash up.
- Go on. - You'll stay like that?
(It's so hard to make her wash her face.)
(Se Hyeong is making Ye Seung's breakfast.)
This is harder than the workout yesterday.
(Give me food. I'm dizzy because I'm hungry.)
Ye Seung, here.
Let's eat. Open your mouth.
(Open your mouth.)
(It's delicious.)
- Why did you eat that? - What?
That was so smooth. That's not for you.
He wasn't really eating. Here, Ye Seung.
(He's eating well.)
One for you, Ye Seung.
Give me one too. Here. I want one too.
Give one to Uncle Seung Gi.
(This is such a happy moment.)
It's so good.
You guys will be doomed if you don't finish everything on time.
(They must race against time.)
- I'll make you exercise all day. - We're running out of time.
We only have 18 minutes now. My goodness.
Hurry up.
(Uncle Seong Jae is taking his sweet time with Hyo Rin.)
Brush your teeth up and down like this.
We only have 15 minutes now.
Like this. Gosh.
Done. We're done.
(He ends it hurriedly.)
We only have 15 minutes.
- Hurry up. - Okay. Spit it out like this.
Spit it out.
(15 minutes before she has to leave)
(Racing against time)
(Helping Hyo Rin wash up, done)
Gosh, it's so hectic.
(He's frazzled because he's in such a rush.)
(13 minutes before she has to leave)
See? You guys keep getting busier. Get moving.
Shall I help you get dressed?
- Pants first. - Let's put these pants on you.
Hyo Rin, I'll help you put this on.
Good girl.
(Was getting dressed this challenging?)
- I've never done this before. - Hyo Rin.
(Sang Yun was struggling, so the whole family came to his rescue.)
This first, right?
Yes. Let's see, Hyo Rin.
- Come here. - Do a turn for us.
Turn around.
Oh, my.
(A moment of bliss on their busy morning)
Now, we have to brush her hair for her.
It's time to do your hair.
- Hyo Rin's hair... - Come here.
Hyo Rin, why are you so pretty?
This will be very challenging.
Hyo Rin, Uncle will tie your hair for you.
(10 minutes before she has to leave)
What classes do you have today?
(9 minutes before she has to leave)
Art? Right, you have your art class today.
(He's trying the best.)
What else?
Gosh, we have no time.
Sang Yun, she'll miss her class today. Sang Yun!
Hurry up already. Seung Gi, you should give it a try.
- I'm scared of hurting her. - I know, right?
(They've never raised a kid.)
Yes, that's good.
(8 minutes before she has to leave)
Tell all your friends that your handsome uncles did your hair today.
(7 minutes before she has to leave)
- No. - No, right?
What's wrong?
(What happened to her hair?)
- It's on the side. - What is this?
(Is that a horn or what?)
You should fix it quickly. We can't send her like this.
- No, don't. - I haven't even touched it.
- I'm Elsa. - Let Mommy fix it quicky.
(The latest hair trend among kids)
- Mommy will... - You're Elsa?
This hairstyle is popular these days.
- This? - A side ponytail.
It's coming undone. You can't leave like this.
Seung Gi, look at this ponytail.
- This is what Seong Jae did. - I can't do it.
- Fix it quickly. - It's so hard.
It's really hard.
(6 minutes before she has to leave)
Look at this.
That was so fast.
- It's fixed now. - Moms are amazing.
We should get changed quickly too.
Wash up quickly.
(5 minutes before she has to leave)
We only have five minutes. We need to hurry.
All right, guys. Five minutes before the bus arrives.
We only have five minutes!
(4 minutes before the bus arrives)
We'll be in trouble if she misses the bus, right?
We're actually fighting against time.
(1 minute before the bus arrives)
- The bus is here. - We accomplished our mission.
- 1, 2, 3. - We won against time.
- Bye, Hyo Rin. - Bye.
See you again soon!
(Hyo Rin left on time.)
- My gosh, we did it. - Good work, everyone.
We should get going now.
- Goodbye. - We're going to a meaningful place.
I prepared something meaningful for you guys.
- Again? - Something else that's meaningful.
- I think we've had enough. - Are we not getting breakfast?
In Kwon only fed us rice crust, and this time, we're getting no food.
(Another getaway with the master)
(Like Haeundae and seagulls, this place is one of...)
(the first things that come to our mind when we think of Busan.)
(Busan Sajik Baseball Stadium)
(It's time to check out the master's baseball skills...)
(at this passion-filled stadium.)
This is close to the left fielder's position.
- Where? - The left fielder.
- It's behind the left fielder. - I see.
The ball flew over and fell here.
(The trace of the master's out-of-the-park homer)
- There? Right over there? - The first out-of-the-park homer.
- My, they made this for you. - Incredible.
This... Master, you did this?
- It's so cool. - How did it come this far?
That's why I'm showing you guys.
My gosh, this is... I thought...
It's amazing.
(Hyundai Unicorns versus Lotte Giants in April 2007)
(He hit the ball against the pitcher, Chung Min Tae.)
("Lee Dae Ho Hits the 1st Out-of-the-Park Homer")
("The Longest Home Run Is 157m")
(He hit the 1st out-of-the-park homer of Sajik Baseball Stadium.)
(In order to write a new history here,)
(he returned to Korea in 2017.)
(He refused various enticing offers...)
(and high salaries.)
I decided to come back here...
because I want to win here.
This is where I can make my dream come true.
That's all that matters to me.
I won in Japan too, but that's different.
You wanted to come back to the place where you grew up.
I wanted to come back when I'm still strong so that I can win.
(He wanted to return to his hometown and help the team win.)
I want to win. I really do.
(As they enter the stadium)
This is so cool. I'm...
We never get to see this view.
People never get to see this unless they're baseball players.
(What baseball players see at the Busan Sajik Baseball Stadium)
- Oh, my. - It's huge.
It's so quiet here now because all the seats are empty,
but when the season starts,
you hear people cheering in all directions.
As I mentioned earlier, I came back here to win.
If we win, I want to have all the fans come down...
so that we can drink together in the trophy.
That's my dream.
That's really all I want.
I think I'll cry my eyes out if we win.
I hate crying,
but I think I'll cry a lot.
Thinking about winning is making me all emotional.
Oh, really?
I really miss it.
Let's go. We'll try hitting the ball for a bit.
- Another out-of-the-park homer. - Seriously?
Oh, my. This is... This is real.
(The country's best cleanup hitter is here.)
- The bat is so... - How's he going to do it?
- Did you hear his bat? - It sounds different.
The bat. Can you hear the sound his bat is making?
- It's almost... - Record the sound.
Record the sound.
- The way he swings it... - The bat...
- makes this sound. - No, it's this sound.
(Seung Gi thinks it sounds like this.)
I even heard a pretty loud sound.
(Even just the sound intimidates them.)
Just throw it over like this.
Try to hit right here. Give it a shot.
- Good, that's it. One more time. - I can totally do this.
But will he be able to hit a home run like this?
It's not easy even for baseball players, right?
Of course, it's not easy.
(Will this...)
(really work?)
You can do it.
(Supported by his incredible lower body muscle strength,)
(he uses his flexibility to swing the bat.)
(This is the home run master's secret.)
It went all the way there.
(It fell right by the fence.)
(We can't believe we got to see it right before our eyes.)
It was too quick.
I didn't catch the ball.
(It was still close.)
(The 2nd attempt)
(Will it be a home run this time?)
- Did it go over? - Yes, it did.
- It went over. - I didn't hit it right on.
(He can tell right away.)
(It fell in front of the fence again.)
(It was so close.)
I can tell what will happen as soon as I hit the ball.
- Really? - Unbelievable.
It'll feel incredible when you hit the ball right on.
I think I'm close. I'll probably hit a home run within two attempts.
- All right, here I go. - Okay.
I should do it right away. Taking a break doesn't help.
(His pride is on the line.)
(They're so excited.)
- I did it! - Oh, my!
(He's certain of it.)
(That made everyone's jaw drop.)
(The ball soared as high as the master expected.)
(What's the result?)
(The master's endless training and perseverance...)
(are ultimately for hitting a home run like this.)
It's a home run!
You really did it. My gosh.
- It only took three attempts. - We did it.
I can now understand what it feels like...
- to hit a home run. - Home run!
We did it.
- Home run! - Yes!
- It's so gratifying. - I thought...
In three attempts. Wow.
- Hitting a home run feels amazing. - Seriously.
When else will I get to step on the mound?
(They think about what they learned from the blissful moment.)
I must say, Seong Jae looks confident today.
- He must've learned something big. - I'll impress you all today.
- I'll go first. - Okay.
(The lesson these curious young men learned in 1 sentence)
Men's strength comes from strong lower body muscles.
(Blushing)
And that power comes from...
the love for your family.
(A man's strength ultimately comes from his love for his family.)
It means that he's carrying the weight and balancing it.
- He's supporting his family. - Oh, right.
He can keep challenging himself and win the battles against himself...
because of his love for his family.
Personally, I could see how much he loves...
his wife and his two kids.
I could feel it so strongly.
To be honest, I came up with my one sentence so easily today.
(What did Se Hyeong learn?)
This is my one sentence. "Marry the one you love."
That's what resonated with me the most.
(Marry the one you love.)
Master. In the car yesterday, you told us about the time...
- when you and your wife dated. - Yes.
They say you can tell right away when you meet the one you'll marry.
- Right. - People say that all the time,
but I don't know how you can tell.
The doctor said the surgery would take about 2 to 3 hours,
but it ended up taking six hours.
She cried as soon as she saw me.
When I saw her crying,
I thought that I really want to make her happy.
- You wanted to make her happy? - Yes.
I thought I want to make sure she'll never have to cry again.
That's how I knew...
When I heard that, I thought, "I want to fall in love soon."
- Yes, totally. - And I want to get married soon.
That was the first thing I thought.
Work has been my priority,
so I wanted to get married at around 40,
- but my plan has totally changed... - I know what you mean.
because I realized that should be my focus now.
- That's great. - That's really...
That's a huge revelation.
Celebrities need a lot of courage to actually do that, you know.
That's so true.
Mustering up the courage to announce it.
I want you guys to be open about dating.
Falling in love and breaking up are nothing strange, you know.
- Right, of course. - But these days,
when celebrity couples break up,
only one party gets hurt.
(He keeps talking about celebrity couples.)
When people start posting all sorts of mean comments online...
- Are you talking about me now? - What?
Me? You know.
- Gosh, I wasn't talking about you. - Really?
- Then were you talking about me? - Was it about Sang Yun?
- Right, the two of you. - You kept looking this way.
No, I was just...
I wasn't talking about you guys. I was just explaining...
- I'm serious. - He was initially...
- Enough. We heard you. - Please forget what I said.
- I'm really sorry. - Okay, we heard you.
- I'm so sorry. - We already forgot about it.
- I apologize. - I said we already forgot about it.
I feel bad. I didn't mean it at all. You know, right? I'm sorry.
- I'm really sorry. - Sit down. Sit down already.
Sorry. I sincerely apologize.
- I had no idea. I didn't mean to... - Just sit down.
- I feel so bad. - Sit down already.
- Please accept my apology. - All right.
- Sorry. Sang Yun, I'm sorry. - All right.
- I'm really sorry. - It's okay.
This is the first time I'm seeing your face turn red.
I swear. I never intended to make fun of you guys or...
- Okay. I said I heard you. - I was just...
- I know that now, okay? - Today,
- I felt your sincerity. - we're here...
We're here to learn from the master, and like I said earlier,
I learned I should marry the one I love. That's why I brought it up.
- You guys got the wrong idea. - All right.
- I'm serious. - I must say,
I've only spent a day with you guys,
but I really hope the three of you...
meet the love of your life soon. I mean it.
Master, enough already. We heard you guys. Goodness.
- We heard you, Master. - All right.
- We've learned our lesson. - Okay.
Okay. Who's next?
What I learned is similar to what Sang Yun said.
(Seong Jae shares the lesson he learned.)
Salmon going against the current...
Kang San Ae.
(Bingo)
- Kang San Ae. - They can go against the current...
because they're not alone.
- That's the lesson you learned. - Impressive.
Does it mean Master is supported by people around him?
Yes, exactly. Salmon don't swim alone, you know.
They're not alone in the battle.
They have their comrades and families.
When he told us about his family...
and his teammates who are working hard with him towards the same goal,
I thought of salmon right away.
(The master's life reminded Seong Jae of salmon.)
You're very insightful.
- It's not easy to think of salmon. - Exactly.
As you all know, salmon return to where they were born...
- and die after spawning. - Right.
Just like that, I want to retire after winning.
That's right. That's exactly what I was trying to say.
- That's perfect. - That's what you meant.
That's just perfect.
Here's what I learned.
(Seung Gi shares what he learned.)
If we were to find another word for "pain",
it'd be "dream".
("Dream" is another word for "pain".)
You guys get it, right?
In other words, dream is what enables him to enjoy...
the endless pain.
If he keeps on going,
it may result in his team's victory as he mentioned earlier.
We must tolerate pain and persevere to make our dream come true.
- That's great. - Isn't it impressive?
- Master, what do you think? - My, that's really insightful.
"Pain" is another word for "dream".
What Seung Gi said is...
He basically expressed the essence of everything I've been doing...
in words.
I wish I heard it years ago.
The quote would've been my life motto.
- Is it that good? - It's perfect.
- Pain is another word for dream. - Dream.
Today, Seung Gi won.
Thank you, Master.
Yes! I did it!
(Who will be their next master?)
(On a field of snow,)
(these 4 guys are waiting for their master.)
(Master, the moment you came to me,)
(you became my flower.)
(I've never professed my feelings like this before.)
(The 4 men dream of...)
(a love story with the master.)
(A love story?)
(The master is too intimidating to love.)
(Even the extreme cold weather was tolerable,)
(but the master's love feels even colder than the weather.)
(Sang Yun is in pain.)
(It's so cold that it hurts.)
(The love story with the master)
The viewers would have no idea why I'm laughing now.
1, 2, 3.
(All the Butlers, The Master in Love Story)